Which celebrity went on the fastest, hardest and most destructive downwards spiral from their peak?
people of reddit who survive on less than 8 hours of sleep, how?
Men, how do you respond to the unsolicited vag pics that flood your DMs?
What's a massive scandal / controversy that people seem to have forgotten about?
Men of Reddit: what’s the creepiest thing a woman has ever said to you?
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society?
You’re stuck in a room with every person you’ve ever had sex with. What’s your first move?
What's something boys can never tell their girlfriends?
There is foreplay before sex. What is a good "afterplay"? Is there any?
If band names were literal, what would be the worst concert to attend?
what is the worst thing you have found on somone else's phone?
What are some real but crazy facts that could save your life?
What's the most horrific act committed by someone you know personally? [NSFW]
What's something from the early days of the Internet which younger generations may not know about?
Men of Reddit: What are some immediate red flags in men that women should look out for?
You only have 60 seconds left before the earth is nuked , how are you spending the last minute of your life ?
What 's a name brand item you refuse to replace with generic?
People who don’t ever want to have kids, why?
What’s an unusual body feature of yours?
What is the most important lesson learnt from Covid-19?
What was attractive 10 years ago but now isn't anymore?
What do you think of the FBI raid on Trump?
Where is the worst place to lose your virginity?
What companies can go fuck themselves?
Ladies of Reddit, what is the biggest misconception about your bodies that all men should know?
What isn’t a cult but feels like a cult?
What horror movies fucked you up as a child?
what is 100% a scam?
What was the most obvious YTA you have ever seen on AITA, excluding ragebait?
Meat eaters: what type of meat, if any, is off your menu for ethical reasons?
What’s Something That People Turn Into Their Whole Personality?
Who’s an “internet famous” person that needs to go away?
What if you found the Death Note?
What would be your role in an orgy?
Which fictional characters are idolized by people who missed the entire point of their story?
[Serious] Men of Reddit who have been raped by women, what’s your story?
What is the best non-sexual, non-drug related physical sensation you’ve ever experienced?
What world event do you think was staged?
People of Reddit, what is a sexual fantasy that you will never get to experience?
What’s stopping you from having an onlyfans?
What very common thing in porn do you find absolutely disgusting?
What's a kink your partner/ex has that you went along with because you loved them?
Which job is definitely overpaid?
[SERIOUS] [NSFW] What was the most disturbing reddit post you have seen?
What do you do if you’re at a nude beach and get a boner?
Ladies of Reddit, what’s the weirdest thing a guy has done during sex?
What's the best Anime you've ever seen ?
What will make you instantly stop watching a movie or show and why?
Women of reddit, what question about men do you wish to be answered?
What historical event has not, but should be, made into a movie?
Girls, what’s the downside of being a female?
[Serious] What’s a dark secret you want to get off of your chest?
You're now named 'Lil" plus the object to your left. What's your name?
what's something that's hated for no reason?
Food answers only, where are you from?
What's a TV show's opening credits you never skip?
Women of reddit, whats the stupidest excuse a man has ever given you to not wear a condom?
What wouldn’t be nearly as popular if it wasn’t for the US?
What is something you will NOT tolerate during sex?
which animal should go extinct?
If you owned an 18+ theme park, what attractions would you put in it?
If you could fuck any fictional character, who would it be?
Men of Reddit, what is one piece of advice you wish to tell other men?
Who's a celebrity no one can hate?
What is the dumbest thing you’ve ever received hate for?
what is something you silently judge people for?
Redditors, what's something the internet was crazy about but is now forgotten?
What Do You Think Would Be The Worst Death Imaginable?
What were some physical preferences you have/had before in a partner?
Video killed the radio star. What did the internet kill?
You have 24 hrs with no internet or mobile phone access, what do you do to pass the time?
What series you can re-watch again and again?
What remained attractive through all human history regardless of fashion and body trends?
People of reddit what ended your friendship with your best friend?
Women of reddit, what is the grossest thing a man has said to you?
What is a myth that is passed from generation to generation, and people still believe it?
What is your “I really want to know the answer but if I Google this, I will be put on a list” question?
Why are you on reddit right now?
What is the smallest, pettiest hill you'll still die on?
What are the best “Yo mama” jokes you got?
What's a commercial you'll never forget?
What can an ugly, average salary guy do to still be attractive?
What famous celebrity is actually still a decent human being?
(serious) What is something that is considered socially unacceptable, however honestly shouldn't be?
What’s a dead YouTube channel that you miss?
What’s a work related accident that still haunts you to this day?
What is the one thing you did while horny that you immediately regretted afterwards?
when was the moment you realized that your friends are assholes?
If you could say one thing to your mom and dad each before they conceived you, what would it be?
If you could make one illegal thing legal what would it be and why?
What is the most disgusting thing that you have ever seen in public?
What is the first thought you get after orgasm?
What is widely considered a red flag but actually is not ?
Where do prisoners jerk off?
Men of Reddit, what’s your best bro-tip?
What is the darkest thing you have ever done and don’t regret?
Women of Reddit: What are some immediate red flags in Women that men should look out for?
What film do you see as a cinematic masterpiece?
Who is your example of “You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain”?
Guys, imagine that you are the last male person on earth, women will still remain, what will you do?
What’s a quote from history that gives you chills?
What’s now weirdly acceptable in 2022 that was not acceptable growing up in your generation?
People NOT living with depression or any kind of mood disorder, what do depressed people look like from your point of view?
What are the most disturbing facts you know about slavery?
what is something ethical but illegal?
whats the funniest/best term for masturbating?
What's a fact you wish you didn't know?
Ladies of Reddit, what's something all men should know before talking to women?
What was ok 10 years ago, but today isn't?
What is something that all men could agree on?
The FBI recently broke into Donald Trumps safe. What do you think he keeps in it ?
What would your 15 year old self think about the life you are living now?
Have you ever gone nude in front of your friends? What was it like?
What human experiment would you carry out if it was legal?
Men of Reddit, how well do you know the female anatomy?
How often do you find yourself starting a comment and going “nah” and deleting, and why?
Who would make a perfect female president of the united states of America and why?
Do you believe in the 4 day work week? Why or why not?
If you could have a sexual/lewd superpower, what would you choose and why?
You break into someone's house, what are you stealing that will only mildly inconvienience them?
What fictional band is your favorite?
When is the least appropriate time to moan sexually?
What video game do you consider a masterpiece?
What is something you can say during sex, but also at a funeral?
What is an impossible question to answer?
When it comes to dating apps, what is an automatic “pass” for you?
Ladies of Reddit, what would you do if you had a penis for 20 minutes?
Which Mandela effect freaks you out the most and why?
What happened at work that made everyone quit at once?
What is something you think all men could agree on?
How hot do you think you are? Why?
What’s one thing you’ll never do no matter what?
Men, what advice do you have for men whose wives want to bring a third into the bedroom?
Which famous person shouldn’t be famous?
What do you genuinely not understand?
What is something you know about your parents that you shouldn’t know?
Non-Americans of Reddit: what is an American thing you have always wanted to try?
What’s an unexpected perk of carrying extra fat?
Americans, what do you think is the weirdest thing about Europe?
Redditors who almost died, what happened?
People that carry guns everyday: Why? Do you feel different when you don't have it on you, and how do you feel?
What are some great tips for teenagers?
You are held at gunpoint and your kidnappers will not kill you if you can speak about a topic for 30 minutes straight. What are you talking about?
What's an immediate red flag to hear from HR during a job interview?
What is something men go through that women will never understand?
Whats the most fucked up thing you saw in class?
What is an organ where human got the short end of the stick compared to other animals?
What is 100% worse when wet?
You just won the 1billion mega millions, all taxes,bills,family taken care of, what's your first "I have money" buy?
[serious] doctors of Reddit, what was your worst "I don't think this is important, but-" patient?
Men of Reddit: what was the BEST thing a woman has ever said to you?
Instead of dick pics, what kind of pics would you like to receive?
What immediately makes you think less of someone?
redditors who know someone who is (or are) blind and have done psychedelics, what was their trip like?
would you accept 10 million dollars for three inches off your dick? why or why not?
Cashiers of Reddit, what items make you silently judge the people who buy them?
What conspiracy theory do you believe is 100% true?
What’s something that would be 100% better if it was slightly shorter?
What should never have been invented?
What job is highly praised but is actually crap?
What is a film that gets a huge amount of praise but you think is awful?
What is something you are aware of about your friend that they don’t know you know?
Artists who do NSFW commissions, what was the strangest thing someone asked you to make?
Which movie has the best soundtrack that you can’t get enough of?
What’s your wildest story that sounds too far-fetched to be true?
What videogame level can go fuck itself?
Your username is the reason you got fired, what did you do?
What’s a thing that makes you think “Wow, I’m really getting older”?
Which show do you think you're the only person who remembers it exists?
What's the best response to "I hate you"?
What have you slowly lost all respect for?
What is the creepiest thing that you've come across on internet?
What's a sport no matter the skill level, that you don't find impressive at all?
Which fictional characters death hit you hard?
What immediately makes you think less of someone?
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get?
In what ways would the world be different if instead of women having menstrual cycles, guys dicks fell off and regrew each month?
What are some movies that you consider to be 10/10?
What was the inspiration for your username?
You're on a death row, you have one hour left, they ask for your final meal - what is it?
What food is better raw?
If money wasn't an issue, what would be your profession?
If a man gets blue balls what does a woman get?
What is something that's okay to pirate?
What’s the smallest amount of internet fame / clout that you’ve seen go to someone’s head?
What was hot until you experienced it?
People who have drank piss, why?
Anime fans, what part of the anime community do you find cringe worthy?
Why/how do you guys enjoy morning sex if both persons are tired, smelly, and have bad breath?
What lifelong, inconvenient non lethal curse would you bestow your enemy?
What is a sentence that is extremely insulting to you?
Users of reddit. What are some tips before shaving down there?
What would you not do even with a gun pointed at your head?
What brand do automatically associate with being shit?
What is the biggest myth you learned in school that has now been disproven?
What surprised you about the human body? AKA How did health class fail you?
What purchase under $100 improved your life?
Whats the biggest threat that mankind has right now?
You need to impress a king from the medieval period, what food from the future would you bring him?
Who is the most physically attractive fictional character ?
How do you feel about eye contact during sex?
What is something humans should NOT achieve?
What happens if Trump goes to jail?
What tv show ruled the world during its peak?
Where should you NOT go on vacation?
what is always portrayed wrong in movies?
What website did you frequently visit when you were younger?
[serious] What’s one thing you still prefer to do the old-fashioned way—regardless of technology—and why?
What's the weirdest Wifi name around you?
What’s a popular comedy that you didn’t laugh at?
What is the most disturbing thing you've stumbled upon while browsing the internet?
What do you think of when you hear "Africa"?
[serious] Religious people of Reddit, what is your best argument for your God being real?
People of Reddit, when did the bully go to far?
The person you lost your virginity to is now right in front of you. What are you saying to them?
What’s a movie nobody hates?
How famous are you?
What's the best response to "You're late"?
Who is the most overrated comedian?
What isn’t worth the effort?
Who is a real-life person you think would be worthy of wielding Thor’s hammer?
which celebrity death still upsets you?
What TV show can go fuck itself?
Would you support taxing churches? Why or why not?
What were you grossly unprepared for as an adult?
What's the grossest thing you've ever seen at a strangers house?
What's a crazy fact about your country?
What should never have gotten popular?
What topic could you talk about for 30 minutes with no preparation?
If you had to torture your best friend for 20 minutes but you could choose the method, what would you choose and why?
What songs would you recommend to someone who just lost one or both legs?
Boys, what's the downside to being a male?
Which dead singer would have the greatest farewell tour if we were able to resurrect them for one last ride?
What ingredient automatically ruins a dish for you?
what are you sitting on right now?
Who is the oldest celebrity that you’d be willing to have sex with?
Which old movie is better than most movies today?
What’s a phrase you’re sick of hearing?
What’s the scariest thing you’ve woken up to in the middle of the night?
What is something fucked up that we just ignore?
Why are you so fucking awkward bud?
Which profession unfairly gets a bad rap?
Men of Reddit, how's your mental health today?
How do you feel when you’re nude?
If you were given 5 minutes to spend $1000, what would you buy?
What did you mispronounce for an embarrassingly large portion of your life?
What is a lot more dangerous than most people think?
What would you do if you had a clone?
What "fun" activity is not fun?
Which mythical creature/monster would you be the least surprised to discover is real?
Which show had a proper satisfying ending?
What's the best TV show that got unfairly cancelled?
What did you falsely believe as a kid?
If Men only want one thing, what is it?
You're given the power to alter one thing by 1%, what do you change to cause to most chaos?
People of Reddit, what is something you believe you are in the top 1% of in the world?
Younger brothers of Reddit, why are you hitting yourself?
Which animal gets undeserving hate?
Why are you single?
Men of Reddit; physical appearance aside, what do you find attractive in a woman ?
You have to commit one crime, but by doing so, you ensure nobody commits that crime again. What crime do you commit?
What movie blew your mind when you finished it?
When is the first time you remember feeling like an adult?
Women of Reddit - What can a guy do to instantly make your day better?
What reddit page scares you?
What are your views on having kids?
Do you like cats? Why?
What is totally normal on tv but actually uncommon in real life?
What is your country famous for?
Poor and broke people (and the former) of Reddit, what is a something you only know because you were on hard times?
What's your "not hungry but mouth is bored" snack?
What are some things American people do that instantly tell you that they're American?
Divorced people of Reddit, what ruined your marriage?
What double standard do you hate the most?
What fictional character would be horrified if they looked themselves up on the internet?
[NSFW] what's the first thing you do after having sex?
What are quality YouTubers to watch when you’re bored?
What artist made the best “one-hit wonder”?
What isn't free be should be free?
If offered immortality, would you accept it, and if yes, why?
What's your fantasy "rich person hobby"?
What sequels are better than the original?
What's something Redditors like to blindly hate?
What do men suffer through that women never know about?
What are you tired of seeing on reddit?
What is the greatest Tv Show theme song of all-time?
What food tastes better slightly ‘overcooked?’
What's political but really shouldn't be?
If you could add a new organ to the human body, what would it be, and what would it do?
Batman has just saved your life and now he’s driving you home in the batmobile. You wanna engage in small talk, what would you ask him?
Movie Buffs of Reddit, what special effect totally looks like CGI, but was actually done practically?
What’s a movie that’s genuinely made you cry?
People who spend more than 5 minutes at an ATM - what are you doing?
People who have run into the "crazy ex" years later, what were they like?
What's a fool proof excuse to skip a party?
People Who Aren’t Scared Of Death, Why?
What is something that you personally consider self care, that most people disagree is?
[Serious] What's a weird fear you have?
Which celebrities got more attractive as they got older (into their late 30s, 40s, 50s, or even 60s)?
What is the most disturbing movie you've ever come across ?
What is a sign of toxic parenting?
What’s the first thing you want to hear from your wife/gf when you get home after a long day of work?
What’s a benefit of being single?
What do you believe is the root of all evil?
What is the best food (satiating) in relation to taste / calories that you know?
Gamers of Reddit, what’s a gaming mechanic that you find really annoying?
What is the biggest unsolved mystery?
What do you find extremely attractive?
If Nintendo made an adult only spin off game, which one would be the most successful?
If your life was a game, what would loading screen tips be?
what types of people have you no respect for?
People of the world, what is the first thing you think of when you hear Belgium?
What illness do you think you have but aren't willing to get it checked?
what's a life lesson you learned the hard way?
What is currently at it’s peak right now?
What is the best way to say “I love you” without actually saying “I love you”?
What deep secret you don't mind telling to internet stranger but not your family/friend?
A crack team of miners, engineers and scientists have finally found a way to tunnel deep into the earth’s core. Inside, they find a small piece of paper. What is written on it?
What is something you absolutely cannot fall asleep without?
what companies AREN'T evil?
A genie grants you three wishes, and your goal is to obtain more wishes through a loophole in his system. You may not wish for the power to grant more wishes; what do you wish for?
What's something that's way too overpriced, but people still keep buying?
Who is one celebrity that most people find attractive but you don't?
What are some good Truth or Dare tasks?
What was the dumbest fad you participated in?
people who wanna vent what's on your mind? (serious)
What life experience fucked you up the most?
What is the most shallow metric you use to judge people?
What will be the reason for human extinction?
You just inherited the Disney Company and have access to their whole portfolio. What is something that you'd immediately do?
What accents do you find least attractive?
What movie bombed at the box office but flourished on home release and is now a classic?
A japanesse proverb says "Rain is just a problem if you dont want to get wet", what is a real example about it?
what is the most annoying thing other road users do that irritates you?
What is something you can never say NO to?
What’s your trick for falling asleep?
What is the weirdest conspiracy theory you ever heard?
What is the least sexual thing you can think of?
What is the scariest thing that has ever happened to you?
What’s something that you wish never existed?
how would you want to die if you were to choose?
You have 90 seconds to grab as much stuff as possible from your local supermarket completely free of charge. What are you taking and why?
You are allowed to add one item to things not allowed on planes. What do you add?
What did you hate until you tried it?
What's the sexiest way to ask for consent?
You are given a phone and are told that the next text it sends will send a message to every phone on the planet. What do you text?
What is your most cringe memory of high school?
What canceled TV show deserved another season?
What is your strange turn-on?
What do you regret not knowing earlier in your life?
[Serious] Many abuse survivors have "trauma imposter syndrome" - guilt that you're making a big deal over nothing. What's your story?
What’s something we can all universally agree on?
What was normal in 2002 but not 2022?
What career is the lowest of the low?
Have you ever been present for true events that were later turned into a movie? If so how accurate was it the film?
Men who pee sitting down, why?
Parents of Reddit, why don't you make your kids shut up when they shout and scream in public?
Who do you feel is the funniest woman comedian of all time doesn’t have to just be a standup could be actress or sitcom star?
Brag a little. What the coolest thing you’ve done lately?
Your mission is to blow a job interview in the first 10 seconds; what do you do?
woman of reddit how do you leave an abusive relationship?
You died and you were shown your endgame life stats, which stat are you gonna be looking for first?
Americans, what’s something Europeans need to hear?
What is something people don’t consider when thinking about aliens?
People who have said “it’s not a phase” but it really wasn’t a phase and is still majorly a part of you and/or your life, what was the “phase”?
People who don't kill houseplants. What's your secret?
You’re falling to your death, what are your thoughts?
What is one moment in a game (offline or online) you will never forget that made some positive impact on your life?
What do you have no tolerance for?
What's your biggest "nope, I'm out of here" - moment?
What profession do you believe to be completely unnecessary?
If aliens came to earth and said "take me to your leader", who should we take them to?
What in your opinion will be the end of humanity?
Aging Redditors, what one thing have you personally experienced, that confirmed "yes, I'm getting old"?
Gamers of Reddit, What’s the death in a video game that actually made you sad?
what was nice till it wasn't?
What’s one old thing pre 2000s you want to bring back to now?
What Netflix/prime/now TV series would you recommend?
What’s one underrated movie that everyone should see?
If people already accept a higher food price by tipping at restaurants, why can’t we just add on 20% to the food prices and pay servers a livable wage instead?
What Is The Creepiest Thing You Found In A Forest?
Men who are catcalling random women: Why? What do you expect to happen?
What would you do if you woke up in the 80's?
What’s the worst thing you could do at a wedding?
What was the oddest job you’ve had and why?
What genuinely still makes you as happy as it did when you were a kid?
Which job did you quit fastest?
You have to survive a horror movie with just one weapon. What is your weapon of choice?
What things should every father teach his son before he's grown?
What childhood memory still fucks with you to this day?
What life hacks have you learned through your job?
What receives a lot of unnecessary hate?
What do you typically do when you’re bored as fuck?
Former bullies and mean girls, what brought the change in you? [Serious]
Which celebrity who is both an actor and a musician is the best at BOTH?
What’s “that” song, that makes you feel good no matter what?
what family tradition ends with you?
What is the worst thing you have witnessed?
What's your "never spoken of" family secret?
What video game is your go-to right now?
What's the best way to fall asleep fast?
Men of reddit, what was a "hard pill to swallow" lesson that you learned easily?
What are some common facts that people think are true but actually aren’t?
What’s a movie title that sounds better as a porno than a normal film?
What's something people find hot or attractive that you don't?
What is something that you secretly judge people for?
What's a piece of information that the world is not ready for?
What movie will never get old?
What's something you can't believe you had to explain to a grown adult?
Music venue workers of Reddit which band/musician/singer has the most well behaved fans I.E. Fans that don't litter or fans that are polite to venue staff?
What comedian never fails to make you laugh?
People who actively try to make their cars louder with straight pipes and/or rev engines . Why? Who do you believe you are impressing?
what job pretty much pays you to do nothing?
How would you tell someone to fuck off?
What is always worth the money?
What city is portrayed the most differently in movies than reality?
Where is the worst place to take someone on a first date?
Deaf people, what do you want the hearing to know?
What’s the best thing your therapist ever said to you?
Those who are flat Earthers, are the other planets flat also?
What mobile game do you consider a classic/masterpiece?
Americans, what is your horror story with the HOA?
What have you spent 10,000 hours on and NOT mastered?
What is your opinion on nudity in movies?
What's your country famous for?
What do you consider a red flag in a person?
What is the worst song you’ve ever heard?
What video game is objectively a masterpiece?
What are your ways of calming down when you are feeling too overwhelmed?
Straight guys of reddit, what do you think of Ryan Reynolds?
Do you still wear a mask when leaving to a public place? Why?
What would Jesus do if he was alive today?
What science breakthrough do you believe will occur within the next 10 years?
What’s a road trip snack you always get at the gas station?
what is a non sexual way to show romance for a man?
What’s a dumb thing to say while being held at gunpoint?
You have to get rid of 1 music genre. Which one are you choosing and why?
Experienced drivers of reddit, what is your driving advice to novices?
What is the most NSFW thing that has happened at your school?
what are some songs that are super popular in the mainstream, but have super toxic messages?
Without telling us the title, what is your favorite video game?
What has the smart phone killed?
Indigenous people of reddit, how would you like your culture to be represented? And what facts are significant to write into media for better representation?
What did you do that made you say immediately afterwards, "Why the fuck did I just do that?!"?
what is a food that is beloved but you hate?
It is said that for every human on earth there are 1.4million ants, supposed ant were to attack us how are you prepared to deal with your 1.4million?
George Jetson will be born August 22, 2022. What will happen when the day he is born?
What was the biggest bullet you dodged?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what confuses you the most about America?
What’s a perverted use of a seemingly vanilla superpower?
People who posted in r/AITA and discovered they are the A, how did that affect your situation?
[Serious] Reddit, what is the scariest thing (paranormal) that has happened to you?
What is your useless skill?
What food makes you happy instantly ?
Introverts of Reddit, how do you fit into a world "made for" extroverts?
You have $10,000,000 for a new home. What is the MUST HAVE feature you will build?
What is your best response to "I fucked your mom" ?
What are you doing right now while browsing reddit?
What's something you find very attractive that isn't physical?
Americans, how do you survive with only two weeks of paid vacation ?
Men of Reddit, what are some things you feel like you can’t do just because you’re a man?
What is the most simple, emotionally pleasing activity that makes you feel at peace and calm?
If you could delete anything from existence, what would it be?
What is not worth the money?
People don’t like you. Why?
Ok reddit, what's the weirdest thing you did as a child?
What must one never do on a first date?
Frederick Douglass said that 'It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men'. How do you build strong children?
Early users of the Internet, What was the best flash games you have ever played?
[Serious] Your partner wants to start an onlyfans for money, how do you react?
Men of Reddit, what is your favorite flower?
What's the weirdest scientific fact you know that you think not many people know?
What was the first book you ever read that made you wanna read more?
You now rule the world. Whats the first thing you do?
Which company do you hate with a passion?
What was the best advice you ever got?
What is your favorite quote from SpongeBob?
Why are you single?
What is your countries biggest flex ?
What's the strangest thing you've ever seen, but don't have proof?
What movie has the greatest fight scene?
What crime really deserves a death penalty?
If the Philly Cheesesteak was invented in your city, what would be on it?
What food is good hot and cold?
what's a time you ignored that gut feeling and came to regret it?
What opinion are popular on Reddit but not in real life ?
If Apple made dicks, what would be some of its features?
What is the scariest street drug out there right now? And why?
What's something that people think is in the bible but isn't?
[Serious] What are some things you can do to make life better for someone with dementia?
What ingredient automatically ruins a dish for you?
What is the worst song to play at a funeral?
What was life like before the internet?
College Graduates of Reddit. What is one tip you would give to college freshmen?
What do you find extremely unattractive?
What's the best Time Travel movie/ TV series ever?
Cooks of reddit: what ingredients blow your mind?
What's an old movie so good everyone should watch it?
What do you hate that everybody seems to love?
What is the healthiest food you've ever been addicted to?
People who leave their curtains open at night, how do you live without fear?
Zoo workers of reddit, what is the dumbest thing someone has asked about an animal?
what do you think is the root of all evil?
What hobby will drain your bank account faster than a gambling addiction?
In a zombie apocalypse, what is something that people should know?
What’s a great answer to the question “what’s your biggest weakness?”
What's going on inside of your head rn ?
Redditors who still haven't tested positive for Covid-19, what do you think has kept you from getting it?
What is your favorite snack that you binge on?
What’s your grammar pet peeve?
What are some creepy and/or unsettling facts about the ocean?
What's the worst weather event you've witnessed?
What would you do if you had the ability to freeze and unfreeze time?
What song lyric is forever stuck in your head?
What was a sitcom that was actually good?
What place on Earth would you consider worse than biblical Hell?
What is a job that's usually dismissed as something anyone can do but actually requires difficult training?
Which is the greatest movie fight scene of all time?
Who do you consider to have the most distinctive voice in all of film, TV and music?
to former/current military, what was the scariest incident you experienced on deployment that wasn't combat?
What's the worst answer you wrote to a question you didn't know on an exam?
What is the dumbest thing that you used to belive in when you were young?
What’s something that made you say “oh fuck I’m getting old”?
What is the best quote from any Star Wars movie?
What is one moment in sports history that you'll never forget?
What is the creepiest real life event that has happened to you or you heard about?
What were you taught in school which has now been proven as not true?
Let’s say someone actually went back in time and killed Hitler, preventing the Holocaust. What would now be the yardstick for the most horrific event in modern human history?
If all the douchebags on earth gathered at a douche-moot, who would they elect as their king?
Who is the main character of Earth?
You can choose 1 mild inconvinience for your worst enemy for the rest of their lives, What are you choosing?
What’s a random piece of advice you’d like to give someone to make their life a bit easier?
Whats the greatest sitcom you’ve ever seen?
What is something stupid you believed as a kid?
What is the most ridiculous conspiracy theory you’ve ever heard?
what’s something you bought for your house/room that you regret not buying earlier?
What was ruined because too many people started doing it?
People who wear glasses, how’s your vision in your dreams?
What makes you stay up at night?
What are some less obvious things you need for living in cold climates?
What should 100% be a crime that isnt?
What's your favorite dinosaur?
[Serious] What's something in your life you wish never happened?
What is something universities should stop normalizing?
What the scariest true story you know?
[Serious] What well known conspiracy theory turned out to be true?
Which singer or band is overrated?
What book did you read in school that you actually liked?
What just hits different after a long day?
What's a subscription that you're happy to renew?
What makes you feel better on a down day?
Redditors over 30yrs old, what’s one solid life advice you would give to those 30 and under?
Straight guys, what do you do at sleepovers?
What do you miss the most from your childhood?
What nearly killed you and how did you survive?
Men of Reddit, what are some green flags in men that women should look out for?
What issues aren't being taken as seriously as they should be?
What's the dumbest thing you believed as a child?
What's an inexpensive but active hobby anyone can easily get into?
What is very romanticized but is really crappy in reality?
What were you into as a kid that you still are at your current age?
Do you still use a face mask in public? Why or why not?
What’s a musical artist/band you listen to regularly that most people have never heard of?
What's the best thing that money can buy?
What's the worst thing a teacher has said about you?
[SERIOUS] What’s a question you wish to ask but can’t because you fear it might get censored?
You are a billionaire for a day. What do you do?
Which movie, when it was over, made you think, "what the fuck just happened' or "what the fuck did I just see"?
What’s something you ate as a child, but are disgusted by now?
A man, his wife, and two children knock on your door, you answer and the father says, “I’m sorry to trouble you, but may I ask you to provide us a meal?” What would YOU do in this situation from your current position in life?
What is the best insect and why?
What subreddit should everyone browse at least once in their time here?
what is something you judge people about?
What's something everyone can agree on?
What ended your last relationship?
What's something scary but beautiful at the same time?
What is the dumbest way you’ve been injured?
Who’s someone you looked up to or idolized as a kid that you now can’t stand?
Just asking, how are you?
If rules aren’t made to be broken, what is made to be broken?
What’s the most bullshit saying?
How did you discover your fetish?
What is a rite of passage that screams “yep, I’m an adult now”?
Which disney song is a masterpeice?
What movie flop do you genuinely love?
what's a phrase you say when you game that you can absolutely NOT say on public?
Formerly shy people of Reddit, what made you more sociable?
[Serious] Doctors and scientists of reddit, what are some interesting, not very well known facts about the human body/condition?
Oreo gives you the chance to choose the next oreo's flavor. What food / flavor are you choosing?
What do you do to escape reality?
What are some creepy and/or unsettling facts about space?
What’s the biggest waste of money?
What was acceptable when you were growing up that would NOT fly today?
What's this obsession people have with listening to music really, really loud?
What makes a person instantly look stupid?
How do you know who your real friends are?
What could happen in the next 10 months that will be talked about for the next 100 years?
If you randomly crashed through someone's drywall with no warning, what would you say to the person who's house you crashed into?
It's "Groundhog Day". You're stuck in a time-loop that restart everyday for the next 50 years. What will you do to pass time?
Socially awkward people, when do you feel most anxious in public?
You pass away, Your god is real, you get one question, What would you ask?
What is the greatest insult you have ever heard?
People who rarely pursue relationships/sex, why not?
What’s your favorite 80’s movie?
What’s the most useless piece of advice you can give?
What is the most unusual thing you’ve put inside of your body?
What is your favorite movie opening scene?
What is the best TV pilot you have ever seen?
What kind of water do you drink?
What’s sexy about yourself?
What sucks about turning 30?
Why did you join Reddit? Why are you here now?
What is never in your junk drawer when you need it?
People of Reddit with "Street smarts", what is your best street tip?
What is your favorite smell?
What are the biggest turn offs in a potential partner?
Left handed people of reddit, what's the biggest inconvenience about being left handed?
What is hurting you the most right now?
You get to rename our planet. What would you call it?
What’s the meanest subreddit?
What is your favorite weird food combination?
What are your thoughts on Ohio?
What album has no bad song start to finish?
What’s is an old video game that the younger generation has never heard of before but holds a special place in your heart?
What is a sad fact about yourself?
You accidentally log into the same WiFi network as the giant screen in New York’s Times Square. The ‘cast’ button illuminates. What do you play?
What great song did you discover from a movie or TV show?
You've just won the lotto, what's the first thing you're doing?
What’s a simple thing you can do to become more attractive?
People with non-obvious or stigmatized medical conditions, what "easy" tasks do friends/family/coworkers get mad at you for not doing because they either don't believe you or think you're using it as an excuse?
Left handers, what is the biggest thing you've had to adapt to in this world that just isn't made for you?
what's the first video you remember watching on YouTube?
You take a whiff and it takes you back years. What is that smell?
Have you ever seen someone die and if so what were the circumstances ?
what fact blows your mind?
What’s something that you view as disrespectful but other people seem to do freely?
Reddit! How do you like your coffee?
What genuinely still makes you as happy as it did when you were a kid?
What's worse than a wet handshake?
What is the worst thing to tell someone that's crying?
What's the first video game you ever played?
What have you learned about love?
What was ruined because too many people started doing it?
What is your favourite creepy pasta?
If you could rant about anything right now, what would it be and why?
Men of reddit, what is something a woman could do to instantly make your day?
What skills did you learn during pandemic ?
Dogs of Reddit: What are some immediate red flags potential owners should look for before taking you home?
What do you consider to be the best sound you've heard?
What are some tips to get a girlfriend?
In the movie Ratatouille, Anton Ego has a flashback to his childhood when eating ratatouille. What food makes you flash back to your childhood?
If you could kill anybody across history without any consequences, who would it be?
Who is the greatest voice actor of all time?
What accent are you most attracted to?
What’s one thing you couldn’t wait to do when you were a kid, but dread now?
What is your opinion about reddit allowing gore?
What was the worst day of your life?
People who like pineapple on pizza: what other fruit do you think would work?
What’s the biggest threat to modern day dating?
What’s something you own a ridiculous amount of?
Weebs that moved to Japan, how did it go?
If Hitler never existed, who would be the top 1 historical example always used when we talk about someone evil ?
What's your "well actually" topic that you can't help but correct someone when they're wrong?
What's the most creepiest biological fact you know?
What is something you will never admit to your parents ?
What kind of person did you never want to be but ended up turning into?
What superpower would be absolutely useless in battle but useful in everyday life?
Overthinkers, how did you stop yourself from overthinking?
What’s the single worst thing about the town/city that you live in?
Those that can read the Chinese, Japanese or etc alphabets, what is the most interesting tattoo you've come across from those who are unaware?
What makes a guy bad at sex?
How would you like to die?
What's your personal ghost / creepy story?
What is something that you've never done that most people your age have done?
what is the best fucking feeling?
Who is the bad guy in history who actually isnt a bad guy?
What will your last words be?
What's your most common intrusive thought?
What sport has the most athletic athletes?
what are your stories of bad hospital experiences?
What corporate lingo irks you the most?
If life had “loading screen tips”, what would they be?
What 80's rock song will always be a banger?
What is the weirdest thing that has happened to you?
What do you think will eventually kill you?
What is a discontinued product you wish it would come back?
What do you think was in the the library of Alexandria?
What's the worse way you've ever heard someone say that another person is hot?
What's the most disturbing thing you came across the internet?
What's a video game sound or quote you'll always remember?
What is the most messed up/hateful thing someone has said to you?
Flight Attendants of Reddit, what can passengers do to make your job easier?
What’s the worst experience you’ve had at the doctors?
Your username is how you die. How screwed are you?
Do you think Universal Basic Income is a good idea? Why (not)?
What kind of children's behavior should people keep doing as adults?
What is something you’ve seen on the internet that you wish you could unsee?
An alien species comes down to earth interested in human culture, what do you think will be the hardest thing for us to explain to them?
What’s the worst written scene of any show or movie you’ve seen?
What is a 90s song that will always be a banger?
Why don’t governments make it a rule to put solar panels to all new buildings with all the climate change talk?
What are some of the best dying words from fictional characters?
How would your dream garage look like if you had to select three cars?
Gals, imagine you are the last female person on earth, men will still remain. What will you do?
What's the worst thing about owning a dog?
What topic makes everyone annoyed the instant someone starts talking about it?
What are YOUR personal opinion on breastfeeding in public?
What are some of the darkest declassified documents made available to the public?
What is something we can all agree sucks?
What did you realize that was a lie all along?
what's your least favorite breakfast?
People of Reddit, what is something that makes you feel calm and happy?
Which video game would make a great movie if done right?
People who saw Spaceballs in theaters when it was first released, what was the crowd reaction like when it was revealed that Dark Helmet was Lone Starr's father's brother's nephew's cousin's former roommate?
What is your main motivation for pursuing physical fitness?
What's the dumbest injury you've ever sustained?
What's the worst thing you can say at a funeral?
What pisses you off?
what was the last time you cried ?
What is the worst state you’ve seen a bathroom in?
If you had to name your kid after a disease/medical condition what would you name them?
Have you ever had a family member crazy addicted to a video game and if so, What's the story?
What is something that us Humans used to be good at, but now we suck at it?
People who are 60+ what is your advice for people in their 40s?
In what way are you injured right now?
If you could become fluent in any language which would it be, and why?
What did you enjoy most in horror movies?
What is something you belive to be worse than death?
What’s the worst candy ever made and why?
What’s the dumbest thing you did as a teenager?
What’s do you dislike most about getting older?
What movie left you with an unsettling feeling for years to come?
Disabled people, what is something everyone else seems to take for granted?
What will you never be too old for?
What can we gamers collectively agree on?
What's the worst place to go for a date?
What does your family argue about the most?
people who don’t hate their job, what do you do?
What is the most underrated movie ?
Reddit, what’s a old video game that still holds up?
What's the last country on earth you would visit?
What are the most thankless but absolutely crucial jobs?
What is your “If this topic is brought up, I will excitedly ramble about it for at least an hour” topic?
What's something you are really good at?
What's your opinion on the FBI raid of Mar-a-lago?
What’s a good late night snack?
What do you refuse to stop wearing?
If brands couldn't lie in marketing, what would be some brutally honest company slogans?
People of reddit, why did you do it?
Every single flight, train, bus and ship trip becomes free for you, where do you go?
What villain has the best song?
How do you professionally say “fuck you”?
What joke is so stupid it’s funny?
What job deserves more pay ?
what do you like to eat with soup?
From where did you get the best fries you’ve ever eaten?
What’s a show you’re shocked not many people know about?
What old game holds up to this day?
How famous are you?
What is a secret you will only tell to strangers on the internet?
What toxic belief have you successfully unlearned in life?
What is the phrase you agree with most about marriage?
If you suddenly became super rich, what is one thing you would definitely start paying more for?
The world is now under the iron fist of Canada. What changes?
If famous monsters were actually just actors. What monster would you like to see in a different genre movie?
What is your go to song to test a earbud's quality?
Do you ever check the profile of Reddit users you interact with? Why/why not?
What is your biggest "first world problem" right now?
Gen Z, what do you like and dislike about your generation?
What is your favourite non-English language song?
What's the most beautiful name you've ever heard?
Which animal would you ride to go to war?
What is the most unbelievable, stupid and weird conspiracy theory you know about?
What would be your reaction to your crush liking you back?
What are you still mad about?
What’s one thing you will never get sick of eating?
How can you woo a lady in the public for dating her?
What would make reddit better if it was removed?
People who rev loud car exhaust/motorcycles around residential areas after midnight , why?
People of Reddit whats a skill that most can do but you can’t?
You suddenly find yourself transported to Virginia in 1776 what do you do?
What is something that shouldn't exist anymore,but still does in 2022?
What is the Most Underrated Vegetable?
Do you think you’d survive in a post-apocalyptic world? Why/why not?
What’s the longest running joke that you can think of?
Why are you fucked up?
Which movie or show scarred you as a kid?
You can choose either to play every musical instrument, or speak every language fluently. Which do you choose, and why?
What do you think makes a good first photo for dating apps?
What kind of insane facts about North Korea do you know?
What's the first thing you remember buying off the internet?
If you like to be alone, why?
What do people do in 9-5 office jobs?
What's the weirdest thing you've found left behind in a home you moved into?
What is a joke so stupid it’s funny?
What are you tired of seeing in TV shows?
[Serious] What is something you wish people understood?
What’s something that you should never say to a child?
The FBI is coming to raid your home in one hour, where do you hide the nuclear launch code papers?
what's a film with a cool ass concept but terrible execution?
What is your least favorite thing about your country?
What’s something you think is way too overhyped?
What's a movie that you refuse to watch?
What’s something kids are commonly taught that they have to unlearn later in life?
Which singer's voice doesn't match how you'd expect them to look like and surprised you when you first saw them?
What's the coolest object right in front of you right now?
What doesn't exist, but should?
Which female celeb from the 80s/90s still has it?
At what job is it objectively not okay to be drunk at work?
What is the most disturbing fact you know about Canada?
what is an actual waste of time?
Whats the best music video of all time?
What do you consider to be the best Netflix series?
If you could have an unlimited supply of any product, what would it be?
what would you do if you had the power to manipulate weather?
[Serious] What makes it difficult for you to go out and socialize with others? If it's easy for you, do you have any advice for those who struggle?
Home owners: A rich person knocks on your door and offers to buy your home for 5x what it's worth, in cash. How do you respond?
in your opinion what song is just 100% perfect?
People who aren’t asleep but should be why not?
What part of your life wouldn’t change if you became a billionaire tomorrow?
What legendary reddit post/comment can you still not get over?
Who's the most misunderstood fictional character?
What are some polite yet mouth-shutting answers to "when are you having kids?" to give to family?
what's something that you can say during sex but also after saving someone's life?
If a medium can talk to ghosts, what can a small and a large do?
What's your favorite YouTube channel?
People who are not afraid of death/dying, how did that happen?
What will never ever leave you?
In the United States we have "The South" and all its associated stereotypes. International redditors, what is "The South" of your country, and why?
what topic do you love talking about but have nobody to talk about with?
What’s the best response to “I hate you”?
So, what’s your complaint of the day?
What age did you feel like an adult?
People who've quit a job on the first day; what's your story?
What is something in your field that means something totally harmless but can get you flagged if heard by someone else?
What movie trope are you sick to death of seeing?
Which sound makes you smile?
What’s something everyone should know when they’re an adult but most likely won’t learn in school?
what's that one thing you'll never do in this life no matter what?
What is a job you think won’t exist in 20 years?
If you could choose a food to not exist, what will it be?
What are your reasons for living?
What’s the biggest problem you see with the world today?
What did your past self enjoy but hate now?
What is a fact that absolutely fascinates you?
People that grew up poor, but aren't now, what is something from your childhood you still like to eat?
Former high school students, what was the worst thing you did in high school?
What would be your serial killer name?
What would you do if someone came up and asked if they could give you a hug?
You have unlimited funding to create a video game, what game are you creating?
what makes you sad?
Despite being tremendously good, what movie were you only ever able to watch just once?
why did Cinderella 's shoes fall off if it fit her perfectly?
What benefit is in it to have a long dating relationship before getting married?
Who is the person that is no longer part of your life but you still constantly think about?
What would be your first thought if a stranger straight up asked you for sex?
What is a song probably no one is listening to, but you do?
What kind of drivers do you hate the most?
Earth only has one temperature. You are able to change it only once and never change it again. Which exact temperature should planet earth be and why?
What is your most controversial music opinion?
How do you stop eating out of boredom?
Serial killers of reddit: what's something movies/tv shows get wrong about you ?
Who are your favorite fictional couple?
Which, currently alive, celebrity do you NOT want to find out was an awful person after they die?
What product,company idea was ahead of its time?
What are some of the most legendary reddit posts?
What's the best thing you can say to a person who is dying?
What's a snack that is tasty but is also low on calories?
Guys who pee quietly on the side of the toilet bowl, what other stealthy things are you up to?
Which song represents the 80s?
What is a fact so unbelievable that people on Reddit will have to Google it to believe you?
How do you manage all your passwords?
What’s the worst thing to step on with bare feet?
Which item will you always 'Window shop' that you know you'll never actually buy?
What is a sentence that is extremely insulting to you?
For people who have scars, how did you get them?
If you could double the size of any part of your body what would it be and why?
What are the weekend rules you follow?
What should people try at least once?
How do you know if someone genuinely loves you?
How do you eliminate intrusive thoughts?
What memory would you erase from your mind if you could?
What gets you out of bed in the morning?
which fictional character scared you as a child?
what is 100% wrong?
What professional athletes had a crash & burn?
you have been sentenced to death and it's your death-day, what would be your last words?
What’s beautiful and terrifying?
who is a villain you can't take seriously?
What’s your favorite flavor of chips?
Who is a famous singer that you cannot stand their singing voice?
Older people of reddit, what‘s an advice you can give to an 16 year old?
You will die in 1 minute and the comment you make here will be your last words. What do you say?
How stupid are you ?
Who is someone that made a terrible mistake but actually made up for it?
What is the word that everyone uses wrong ?
What song has a cool music video?
What’s your favourite anti-joke?
What’s the best tasting cheap meal you can think of?
What is the best thing wife loves to be hearing from husband everyday?
Which species would be the rudest if all animals could talk?
Reddit, how do you deal with a grown adult who is throwing a temper tantrum?
Why doesn't school teach everyone about finances, relationships and mental health?
How do you numb the pain of existential dread?
What is something that is becoming increasingly harmful to the younger generations?
What was your first gaming device?
What was the worst thing that happened today at work?
Redditors that sleep with the TV playing in the background, whats your reason?
Where do you never want to live again? (Serious)
If you could choose one celebrity to spend the day with, who would it be?
What's something your parent(s) did for you that you are super thankful for?
What’s scary to see outside your house, but is perfectly normal inside?
Where are some other good places to panic besides at the disco?
What's something you liked but slowly became terrible ?
What is your fetish you're to embarrassed to talk about with your significant other or friends?
What’s worse? A stuffy nose or a runny nose?
What’s the best psychedelic?
What transport do you like to travel by and why?
what’s a song that everybody knows?
With free porn so readily available, why would anyone pay for an only fans?
Whats the dumbest beliefs you had as a child?
What is the best way to make someone's life just a tiny bit worse?
What's a anime you'd suggest for a beginner?
What’s something that seems normal to others that traumatized you?
Do you use 12-hour or 24-hour (military) time? Why?
What will people remember about you after you die?
How far back in time could you go and still be understood (and understand others) if you only speak modern day English?
Who is the Worst fictional character to bring to the real world?
What was one of the worst nightmares you’ve ever had?
What is the worst pain you have ever felt?
What is the basic key of becoming genius?
What's stopping you from smiling right now?
What is the worst state in the US and why?
what's the weirdest thing that's turned you on?
If you could snap your fingers and erase social media as if it had never existed, would you? Why?
What's a perk with being ugly?
What is a fun fact that you think everyone should know?
What are some good movies a teenage girl can watch with her dad?
what is probably the most iconic song associated with a movie?
What's something everyone pretends to be an expert on?
What was/ is the best habit for your mental health, that you discovered so far?
What's the best & worst part of your life right now?
24 hours everything is legal, you can do anything you want and get away with it, what are you doing?
Americans of Reddit, What confuses you the most about Non-Americans?
Which moment in a kids show disturbed you the most?
What useful unknown website do you wish more people knew about?
For those who grew up poor, what was a luxury to you?
What food is regularly overhyped?
What country has the best food?
What’s the scariest movie you’ve ever seen?
What is your favorite bromance in fiction?
Which food do you always think about when you are too Hungry?
What do men really want?
What is something that you enjoy that most others typically don't?
What is the ingredient or topping that never fails to elevate your sandwich?
Doctors of Reddit, what did your patient have during their regular yearly check up that ended up becoming an immediate emergency straight to the ER?
What do you say when someone knocks on your stall door?
You’re offered 1 million in cash to sing a song from start to finish from memory, on the spot, what song do you choose?
We know the phrase ‘work smarter, not harder’, but when have you seen someone ‘work dumber, not easier’?
Those who are single and are not actively looking for a partner, how did you end up in this situation?
What superpower will be useful and creepy at the same time?
Men of reddit. What is a secret about men that only men know?
What is not worth the effort but people still obsess over it?
[Serious] What is something insanely amazing about today's life that people a 100 years ago would be jealous of and envy you for?
What's the best thing you ever put in your mouth?
What’s the best advice you’ve ever received?
What is unusually expensive when it really shouldn't be?
What’s a good channel to binge on YouTube?
Cartoons included, who is the most annoying sitcom character?
What's your best piece of advice?
What’s the weirdest thing you saw in someone else’s house?
To the people who say watching porn is cheating, why?
Whats the worst example of "research" someone has posted in an argument to disprove you?
What is the greatest snack of all time?
What killed the feelings you had for someone you were once so in love with?
What are you doing?
What are you willing to do for $100/hr?
what's the weirdest/coolest thing about your body?
How do you NOT want to die??
Redditors who actually enjoy your jobs: what do you do?
what is going in your mind right now?
What is a random fact you know?
What's your favorite video game ? [Serious]
If you had superpowers do you think you’d end up being a hero or a villain and why?
What video game aged awfully?
A genie grants you ownership of whatever sci-fi spaceship you want. Which do you choose, and why?
What is the best TV episode ever aired?
Redditors who have had romantic partners do a total 180 in personality, what made them change so drastically (either good or bad)?
What is something that's clearly a scam, but we've been conditioned to believe its normal?
What does the world need more of today?
why do you think some people choose to send unsolicited sexual pictures to other people?
Is generation X still valid? why everybody remember boomers, millenials but Xs?
People who didn’t believe in the paranormal but do now what’s your story?
What brands went from cool to cringe ?
In America, Nevaeh is a cringy “new” name. What is a cringy name in your culture/country?
Do you think money brings happiness? Why or why not?
Who is your favorite fictional doctor?
what do people praise when it is actually the bare minimum?
[serious] People who have specific or recurring nightmares, what are they and what fear do they exploit?
Who's a youtuber you can't hate?
